Rory Kempink
UID:77092609

1. Versa what?!
What is version control?
Version control is a system that allowed developers to keep track of their progress

2. Where the heart is
What is the difference between distributed and centralized version control systems?
Everybody has a copy of the repository vs centralized where only a main super server has a copy of it and everybody else has a "shallow" copy of it.

3. Versa who?!
What does a version control program do for us?
Version control program allows us to keep track of our progress

4. Committing to git
What is a commit?
A commit is when you log your progression during a project or assignment

5. Checking out git
What is a check out?
Switches you to whichever branch of your choosing by switching the HEAD

6. It’s like a tree limb
What is a branch?
brand new working directory from your main, a new work area

7. The life of a limb
How long are branches in git supposed to exist?
as long as you need it to

8. Tree growth
How do you create a branch in git? 
git checkout, then create a new sub repository

9. Swinging on a vine
How do you switch branches in git?
use git checkout command

10. Taping it together
How do you merge branches in git?
git merge

11. Status
How do you check the status of the files you are presently working on?
git status

12. Adding to the chaos
How do you add files to the repository?
git add

13. The main line
What is the name for the primary branch in git?
master

14. What limb are you on?
How do you check which branch you presently have checked out?
git branch

15. Git what?!
What is github?
github is an online repository

16. We see a need!
Why was git created?
they wanted to further improve linux kernel

17. A day in the life of git
What is a typical git workflow?
create a repository, add files, commit

18. Why git?
What makes git different than other version control systems?
simple to use, easy to understand, everybody has access

19. What were they thinking?!
What were the design criteria for git?
user friendly

20. Time machine
How do we view the past of a project with git?
git log

21. Commit Comment
How much information, and what kind of information should be in a commit message?
exactly what was done

22. Great Scott!
If there was a mistake made in the past of a project, how should we go about correcting that mistake?
never go back in the past, just correct it and mention it in future commits

